Archive Auction and Crowdloans (#6261)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-system-chains.md

## Overview

System parachains are those that contain core Polkadot protocol features, but in parachains rather
than the relay chain. Rather than purchasing time an execution core, execution cores are allocated

> by network [governance](./learn-guides-polkadot-opengov.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than the relay chain. Rather than purchasing coretime on a marketplace, execution cores for system chains are allocated
through the network [governance](./learn-guides-polkadot-opengov.md).
```
